- 👋 Hi, I’m @Jopower2
- 👀 I’m interested in the Ventoy prog for multiboot USB ISO's. It's getting good reviews so had to check it out.
- 🌱 I’m currently learning more about USB boot options. New laptops don't have optical drives and this has become a problem as I use them often. Now must attach an external optical. However, when trying to use them to boot ISO's on CD I found that both devices I own for different companies don't work. The boot load fails about 12% each time. Drives work fine otherwise. Therefore must start using USB thumb drives. Ventoy promises to make better use of my many ISO's.
- Downloaded Ventoy for Windows and unzipped but there was no setup or readme and there were no instrux on usage or install proceedure with it. https://www.ventoy.net/en/doc_start.html says to unzip and start Ventoy2Disk.exe but mine says "Please run under the correct directory". Since when does an "easy" Windows install begin with that? 1992? Message doesn't tell me what directory it should be in. The unzipped file is at: "D:\Downloads\ventoy-1.0.78-windows\ventoy-1.0.78" and what's wrong with that??? Why no common Windows setup routine? Can't see Mac fans being happy with this either.
- Why? I haven't done much command line in the last 20 years. No coding for over 40, back when Fortran was being loaded by a card reader. Been 10 years since I wrote or needed to write a 5 line BAT file. I don't do that anymore and don't want to... it was frustrating and time wasting and few saved the girl in time. Computers are/should be part of sentient evolution and making life enjoyable. The Pre-Cambrian Era is long gone. There was no higher life on land then. Ditto higher life in computers in 1980.
